 A glittering gem is not enough. The shooter says goodbye to his love. Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year. I am never at home on Sundays. She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it. She always speaks to him in a loud voice. Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived. There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store. I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough. This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent We need to rent a room for our party. I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive. Don't step on the broken glass. The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight. Please wait outside of the house. I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches. The lake is a long way from here. Is it free? If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat? Where do random thoughts come from? She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels. Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be. The mysterious diary records the voice. Sixty-Four comes asking for bread. Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard. Christmas is coming. Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it? When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly. He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. She folded her handkerchief neatly. There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable. Abstraction is often one floor above you. The book is in front of the table. The old apple revels in its authority. Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy. Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof. This is a Japanese doll. The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling. A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt. I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was. Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either. I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me. I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older. The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other. I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one. She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us. How was the math test? Tom got a small piece of pie. She was too short to see over the fence. He told us a very exciting adventure story. Wow, does that work? I want more detailed information. Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here? I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why. A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them. She did her best to help him. I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert. He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there. Mary plays the piano. If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds. Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone. My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do. I'd rather be a bird than a fish. We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa. Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same. The river stole the gods. I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated. We have a lot of rain in June. He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway. She advised him to come back at once. The stranger officiates the meal. The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics. The memory we used to share is no longer coherent. Two seats were vacant. Let me help you with your baggage. Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind. If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you? The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English. He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class. She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do. I checked to make sure that he was still alive. Rock music approaches at high velocity. Hurry! They got there early, and they got really good seats. Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all. I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks. She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it. Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them. What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!? I hear that Nancy is very pretty. It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
